c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.exe.config
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.exe
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.pdb
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.g.resources
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.exe
c:\users\vidar.edocny2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.pdb
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\DevSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\DevSettings.baml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.exe.config
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.exe
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.exe
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\DevSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\DevSettings.baml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.g.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.exe.config
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.exe
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.pdb
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.exe
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\NgScanApp.pdb
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\DevSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\DevSettings.baml
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.g.resources
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\NgScanApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\mSlider.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\mSlider.baml
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\mSlider.g.cs
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\mSlider.baml
C:\Users\ahowson.EDOCNY2\Documents\GitHub\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\bin\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\mSlider.g.cs
C:\Users\vidar.EDOCNY2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NgScanApp\NgScanApp\obj\Debug\mSlider.baml
